For our system, we worked out five Critical Success Factors, not ranked in any particular order, as all of these are extremely important.

1. Stability/Reliability: A system that is managing the placement and information of patients and nurses should never crash, as this could cause critical problems with patient care, which could easily result in patient deaths. Therefore, it is extremely important that the system be reliable, in that it never fully crashes, and has many failsafes in the case that it does. On a related note, the system should also never reach a speed near a standstill, which is the same as it failing in our scenarios.
2. Scalability: This system is not for a single specific hospital, but rather is for any medical center that needs to organize its nurses and patients. Because of that, it needs to be able to scale from a small hospital of just a few nurses and patients, to a massive center that could easily have hundreds of medical staff and patients. If this system is unable to scale well, it becomes a useless application for a majority of hospitals, so capability to scale from small to large or vice versa must be included.
3. Security: The confidentialty of patient information is very important, and though it is unlikeley that much information on specific patients will be stored in this system, it still includes information on medications and contact information, which should only be seen by qualified medical personal. Therefore it is imperative that there be secure logins for the professionals using this system, and methods for tracking who has been using the system at different times so that tampering of information of the system can be tracked, as an unauthorized change in a patient's medication could easily result in a death and a lawsuit.
4. Extensibility: No two hospitals are exactly the same, and some are extremely specialized towards certain ailments. Because of this the system must have the capability to be changed to support specific sets of wards that match the specifications of whichever hospital is using the system. Also, it could be possible that other users (such as doctors) would want to use the system as well, so support for customizable user logins may become necessary.
5. Simplicity/Usability: It is unlikely that the medical staff using this system will have extensive training in using customized programs, so it is important to have a simple user interface that can be used by even the most technologically-challenged people effectively. A failure to have a simple system could result in the company having to pay for training sessions, which are an unnecessary and unwanted cost.
