We are a group of businessmen who own a business forms company. We sell legal documents, accounting documents, marketing forms, invoice templates, employment contract templates, payroll forms, license and grant applications and any forms specifically requested by our customers.

What we are hiring you for is to create a system for us to keep track of our salespeople and their sales,  along with our customers. We want to be able to track the customers that we sell to, the route that each salesman takes, and the orders that have currently been placed (who ordered, when do they want it, etc.). The routing should be done by geographical area, where each salesman is assigned an area and must visit all the possible customers within that area. We should be able to assign our salesmen to different customers (Salesman A will go sell to companies D, F and G, and these customers do not necessarily have to be within the geographical area the salesman is assigned to, as they may be 'special cases') and we should also be able to add, edit and delete customers in the system. Each customer should have a small description, such as their company name and last order placed, plus their contact information. Statistics should be saved on each salesman (how much they have sold this month, how many customers they have) but the salesmen themselves should not be able to see the statistics. They are only for 'manager' users.

There should be authentication in order to enter the system, and an administrator style user ('manager') who has permission to add edit and delete customers as mentioned above and can also view the statistics of each salesman. Finally, we want a list of which customers are likely to reorder, where they are located, what type of products they may want, and what reordering rates they have.

The customers we are primarily targeting are entrepreneurs, accountants, small and large business owners. The scope of our operation is within Calgary (local). We are selling to start-up enterprises and commercial entities.